lloris has delegated his croque madame this
annual report city and sisters batal
4th girl at all new series so
serene tutorial tips on
vehicles so battlefield catch
start right away with the helicopter
fight on shanghai siege 1,36 0 with
a stranger who is mounted directly
with me from the beginning who made him the
46 00 that in the gunboat we count
of course it's easier
less to kill people who are not
not in vehicles on the other hand
query level
it's better to fart the vehicles finally
that of requests are easier
to fart the vehicles that the soldiers
that normal soldiers what
walk is still enough
impressive I think I did not
not touched or not I do not know but
when you shoot three four queries or
even the room of 14 to a mono but who
takes the patch fart a lead finally brief
it is by aircraft and combat helicopters
shanghai seat a perfect it's a
of the best brands I think for the
fighting echoes because you do not have
no fucking career vehicles
I do not know what these names are
daubes the monumental that you do not hide
no common km and who do you shoot you know
not all the same but it's the one in the
mouth so the only thing it takes
be careful it's the guys at
stinger the beloved angry pezier osmo and the
other helicopters the helicopters and half word
that I think this ponot of cti colas
in the vicinity of a minute
a little like the little little 1.6 in
forming his passages at home was
separate sun than gratitude
vocal your little machine guns that is
super good enough big scores with and
so here I have you a little planted the
subject and it's true that it's a shame
that I was with a stranger because
look there because there I 'm going to you
talk about the lords rather directly
I shot but nothing of their skin
wanted because sometimes when the
vehicle is well in front of you even though the
heat it will take itself missiles in
do's have to try to do it and do it
spit missiles
to make them spit sadness and a half seller
it makes more sense to wait
Once I know how to explain
after that depends on must wait until
the sic guy but who comes from
to leave them because there is someone
to lock it here is the wanted
shoot missiles live in the mouth
if he comes from spawn down you the look is
for nothing you expect them to shoot
theirs once that attract them or
shot missiles close it will be more
easy of 2 the pt finally short must
try to gauge it's like you when
you do the cfo do not pull the
lures directly but it takes
really wait for the homicide if you
can see it in addition it was
by the way, it's the top
short after that you have to have to
allow experience so there is no
of advice to drive the bicots that
does not exist just have to train in
training camp have to train a
grazed buildings to fly around etc
shave no I can not you
discard on this after need to know
handle joystick but at the level of
queries and equipment that I put
on my helicopter so I have to anticipate
still we rocket it was
past it takes more beautiful CVs
sequences of the game each time
what is less is easy enough
still nickel is time that if the
guy in the gunner underneath the shoots at
bottom on also it's pretty handy
after you have to be careful not to scratch
and so you see me I put the
rockets the first queries the
roads and hydra are fourteen she
suggested so quickly
Then there are the units had we have 8 and the
flow is a bit slower but they
will do a little worse and to the requests
intelligent who was heading to the
target finally towards a target but good must
whether relatives
so you see there I spit
seller after 10:30 heaven and that's it
the guy in the gunner who had lived
we are talking to each other and so we have to go
the hydra for me is the top
so with the normal time I put
not the burner cme because the
fog cm x do not wait until
the missiles come on you for
to activate it in fact must activate it
a fake as soon as you do locked
so I do not like it too much after he
seems like that's all I think I 've
stabilizer when I can believe but
it's not moving too much, I do not think so
that's great you saw him in the
part I think I have no more
missile also get away entrances from
buildings etc
and then here after in the gunner I
know that I put a load on the band
and it seems to me that it is so I
say no bullshit and laser guidance
the omd for tanks and who will pay I
think it's better when we're in
a new game see there I still shot
missiles true point that stressed
words that you see I was in good
series f also always tried to be at
above the enemy so that's why
that I go back to death I wait for them to me
lob I see missiles from I loose
I've had them since I've had a good time
played the semec in the gunner also physio
all the customers who did that's true
that it is a little relook but that's it
it was pretty hot there because I
would say even if they do anything and he
could have easily broken me the jeanne
bow
I want it's like you like it, you're
they are on the small skis jets
frankly it's not bad but it's
true that on the other maps and its
roles where guys who are blocking all
the 3 seconds and you can do nothing
especially you can not do yourself
repair since the craft so gunner
here he is not on the edge of the chopper
like the recognition codes or the
here you can have one or more
people who would not like but good
that's pretty cool anyway
to do a whole lot in the lives
we stop these big horns enough
horatio but you have to know the pilot
still a minimum I think
do the right good trips to
to pass like everything is like when you
are on foot must do the right
trips
you have to try out spots at max of
people too because there are guys
in the spot parts person that's
may not be the vehicles so I
do not understand but maybe it's
not touch finally short I hope that
it is a video you will have liked on this
drawing small comment a little
tenth and tell me what you
think of this new series and good
evening
good day ciao bye